JSBSim.py
MANIFEST.in
README.md
_jsbsim.pyx
pyproject.toml
setup.py
./ExceptionManagement.h
./fpectl/fpectlmodule.h
./src/FGFDMExec.h
./src/FGJSBBase.h
./src/JSBSim_API.h
./src/GeographicLib/Config.h
./src/GeographicLib/Constants.hpp
./src/GeographicLib/Geodesic.hpp
./src/GeographicLib/GeodesicLine.hpp
./src/GeographicLib/Math.hpp
./src/initialization/FGInitialCondition.h
./src/initialization/FGLinearization.h
./src/initialization/FGTrim.h
./src/initialization/FGTrimAxis.h
./src/input_output/FGGroundCallback.h
./src/input_output/FGInputSocket.h
./src/input_output/FGInputType.h
./src/input_output/FGModelLoader.h
./src/input_output/FGOutputFG.h
./src/input_output/FGOutputFile.h
./src/input_output/FGOutputSocket.h
./src/input_output/FGOutputTextFile.h
./src/input_output/FGOutputType.h
./src/input_output/FGPropertyManager.h
./src/input_output/FGPropertyReader.h
./src/input_output/FGScript.h
./src/input_output/FGUDPInputSocket.h
./src/input_output/FGXMLElement.h
./src/input_output/FGXMLFileRead.h
./src/input_output/FGXMLParse.h
./src/input_output/FGfdmSocket.h
./src/input_output/net_fdm.hxx
./src/input_output/string_utilities.h
./src/math/FGColumnVector3.h
./src/math/FGCondition.h
./src/math/FGFunction.h
./src/math/FGFunctionValue.h
./src/math/FGLocation.h
./src/math/FGMatrix33.h
./src/math/FGModelFunctions.h
./src/math/FGParameter.h
./src/math/FGParameterValue.h
./src/math/FGPropertyValue.h
./src/math/FGQuaternion.h
./src/math/FGRealValue.h
./src/math/FGRungeKutta.h
./src/math/FGStateSpace.h
./src/math/FGTable.h
./src/math/FGTemplateFunc.h
./src/math/LagrangeMultiplier.h
./src/models/FGAccelerations.h
./src/models/FGAerodynamics.h
./src/models/FGAircraft.h
./src/models/FGAtmosphere.h
./src/models/FGAuxiliary.h
./src/models/FGBuoyantForces.h
./src/models/FGExternalForce.h
./src/models/FGExternalReactions.h
./src/models/FGFCS.h
./src/models/FGFCSChannel.h
./src/models/FGGasCell.h
./src/models/FGGroundReactions.h
./src/models/FGInertial.h
./src/models/FGInput.h
./src/models/FGLGear.h
./src/models/FGMassBalance.h
./src/models/FGModel.h
./src/models/FGOutput.h
./src/models/FGPropagate.h
./src/models/FGPropulsion.h
./src/models/FGSurface.h
./src/models/atmosphere/FGMSIS.h
./src/models/atmosphere/FGStandardAtmosphere.h
./src/models/atmosphere/FGWinds.h
./src/models/atmosphere/MSIS/nrlmsise-00.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGAccelerometer.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGActuator.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGAngles.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGDeadBand.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGDistributor.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGFCSComponent.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGFCSFunction.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGFilter.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGGain.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGGyro.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGKinemat.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGLinearActuator.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGMagnetometer.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGPID.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGSensor.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGSensorOrientation.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGSummer.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGSwitch.h
./src/models/flight_control/FGWaypoint.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGBrushLessDCMotor.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGElectric.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGEngine.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGForce.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGNozzle.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGPiston.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGPropeller.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGRocket.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGRotor.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGTank.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGThruster.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGTransmission.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGTurbine.h
./src/models/propulsion/FGTurboProp.h
./src/simgear/compiler.h
./src/simgear/io/iostreams/sgstream.hxx
./src/simgear/magvar/coremag.hxx
./src/simgear/misc/sg_path.hxx
./src/simgear/misc/stdint.hxx
./src/simgear/misc/strutils.hxx
./src/simgear/props/props.hxx
./src/simgear/structure/SGReferenced.hxx
./src/simgear/structure/SGSharedPtr.hxx
./src/simgear/xml/ascii.h
./src/simgear/xml/asciitab.h
./src/simgear/xml/easyxml.hxx
./src/simgear/xml/expat.h
./src/simgear/xml/expat_config.h
./src/simgear/xml/expat_external.h
./src/simgear/xml/iasciitab.h
./src/simgear/xml/internal.h
./src/simgear/xml/latin1tab.h
./src/simgear/xml/macconfig.h
./src/simgear/xml/nametab.h
./src/simgear/xml/siphash.h
./src/simgear/xml/utf8tab.h
./src/simgear/xml/winconfig.h
./src/simgear/xml/xmlrole.h
./src/simgear/xml/xmltok.h
./src/simgear/xml/xmltok_impl.h
jsbsim/GeographicLib-LICENSE.txt
jsbsim/LICENSE.txt
jsbsim/__init__.py
jsbsim/_jsbsim.pxd
jsbsim/_jsbsim.pyi
jsbsim/libexpat-LICENSE.txt
jsbsim/py.typed
jsbsim.egg-info/PKG-INFO
jsbsim.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
jsbsim.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
jsbsim.egg-info/not-zip-safe
jsbsim.egg-info/requires.txt
jsbsim.egg-info/top_level.txt
jsbsim/aircraft/aircraft_template.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/737/737.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/737/cruise_init.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/737/cruise_steady_turn_init.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/737/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/737/rudder_kick_init.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/787-8/787-8.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/A320/A320.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/A4/A4.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/B17/B17.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/B17/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/B747/B747.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/B747/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Boeing314/Boeing314.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/C130/C130.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/C130/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Camel/sopwithCamel1F1jsb.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Camel/Systems/automixture.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Camel/Systems/crash-detect.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Camel/systems/automixture.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Camel/systems/crash-detect.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Concorde/Concorde.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Concorde/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/DHC6.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/Engines/PT6A-27.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/Engines/Propeller.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/Systems/Conventional Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/Systems/Flaps.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/Systems/Landing Gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/Systems/Propulsion.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/engines/PT6A-27.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/engines/Propeller.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/systems/Conventional Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/systems/Flaps.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/systems/Landing Gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/DHC6/systems/Propulsion.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/Aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/Effectors.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/F450.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/FlightControl.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/Gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/Mass.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/Metrics.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/Propulsion.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F450/initGrnd.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F4N/F4N-jsbsim.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F4N/F4N.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F4N/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F4N/Engines/J79-GE-11A.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F4N/Engines/direct.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F4N/engines/J79-GE-11A.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F4N/engines/direct.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/F80C/F80C.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/J246.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/LC39.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/Systems/J246ControlSystem.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/Systems/J246FirstStageEffectors.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/Systems/J246GuidanceExecutive.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/Systems/J246SecondStageEffectors.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/systems/J246ControlSystem.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/systems/J246FirstStageEffectors.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/systems/J246GuidanceExecutive.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J246/systems/J246SecondStageEffectors.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J3Cub/J3Cub.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J3Cub/Engines/CM7445 MCCauley.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J3Cub/Engines/Continental A-65-8.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J3Cub/Systems/Conventional Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J3Cub/engines/CM7445 MCCauley.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J3Cub/engines/Continental A-65-8.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/J3Cub/systems/Conventional Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/L17/L17.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/L410/L410.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/L410/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/MD11/MD11.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/OV10/OV10.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/OV10/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Pterosaur/Pterosaur.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Pterosaur/Systems/Landing Gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Pterosaur/Systems/Ornithopter Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Pterosaur/Systems/Wing Motion.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Pterosaur/systems/Landing Gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Pterosaur/systems/Ornithopter Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Pterosaur/systems/Wing Motion.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/SGS/SGS.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/SGS/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/Short_S23.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/output.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/reset02.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/reset03.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/Systems/Short_S23-hydrodynamics.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/Systems/datcom_aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/Systems/electrical.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/Systems/engines.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/Systems/flaps.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/Systems/fuel-system.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/Systems/take-off-ap.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/systems/Short_S23-hydrodynamics.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/systems/datcom_aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/systems/electrical.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/systems/engines.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/systems/flaps.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/systems/fuel-system.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Short_S23/systems/take-off-ap.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Shuttle/Shuttle.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Shuttle/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/Submarine_Scout.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/takeoff.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/Systems/Submarine_Scout_crew_ap.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/Systems/air-and-gas-control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/Systems/gerris_aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/systems/Submarine_Scout_crew_ap.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/systems/air-and-gas-control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/Submarine_Scout/systems/gerris_aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/T37/T37.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/T37/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/T38/T38.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/T38/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/X15/X15.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/X15/X15ap.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/X15/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/X15/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/XB-70/XB-70.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/XB-70/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/ZLT-NT.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/Systems/air-and-gas-control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/Systems/datcom_aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/Systems/engine-control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/Systems/gerris_aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/Systems/instrumentation.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/systems/air-and-gas-control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/systems/datcom_aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/systems/engine-control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/systems/gerris_aero.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ZLT-NT/systems/instrumentation.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/ah1s.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/Engines/ah1s_rotor.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/Engines/ah1s_tail_rotor.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/Engines/electric_1500hp.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/Engines/electric_1hp_dummy.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/Systems/rotor_control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/Systems/steady_flight_data.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/Systems/trim_control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/engines/ah1s_rotor.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/engines/ah1s_tail_rotor.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/engines/electric_1500hp.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/engines/electric_1hp_dummy.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/systems/rotor_control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/systems/steady_flight_data.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ah1s/systems/trim_control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ball/ball.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ball/iss_orbit.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ball/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ball/reset00_v2.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ball/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/ball/reset01_v2.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/blank/blank.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/blank/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172p/c172p.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172p/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172p/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172r/c172r.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172r/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172r/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172x/c172ap.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172x/c172x.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172x/elevator_doublet_init.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172x/output.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172x/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172x/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c172x/reset_at_rest.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c182/c182.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c182/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c310/c310.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c310/c310ap.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c310/ellington.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/c310/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/dr1/dr1.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/dr1/Systems/chocks.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/dr1/Systems/pushback.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/dr1/systems/chocks.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/dr1/systems/pushback.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/f104.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/BLC.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/FCS-pitch.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/FCS-roll.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/FCS-yaw.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/NWS.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/armament.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/beacon.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/canopy.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/chute.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/crash-detect.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/flaps.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/radar.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/speedbrakes.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/Systems/tailhook.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/BLC.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/FCS-pitch.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/FCS-roll.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/FCS-yaw.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/NWS.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/armament.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/beacon.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/canopy.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/chute.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/crash-detect.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/flaps.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/radar.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/speedbrakes.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f104/systems/tailhook.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f15/f15.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f16/f16.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f16/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f16/Systems/hook.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f16/Systems/pushback.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f16/systems/hook.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f16/systems/pushback.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f22/f22.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/f22/yf22.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/fokker100/fokker100.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/fokker100/fokker70.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/fokker100/xf100.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/fokker100/Systems/pushback.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/fokker100/systems/pushback.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/fokker50/fokker50.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/global5000/airborne.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/global5000/global5000.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/global5000/global5000ap.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/global5000/global5000apx.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/minisgs/minisgs.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/minisgs/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/mk82/mk82.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/mk82/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/mk82/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/p51d.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/reset4-00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Engines/P51prop.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Engines/Packard-V-1650-7.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Systems/alpha-buffet.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Systems/autothrottle.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Systems/compressability.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Systems/crash-detect.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Systems/electrical.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Systems/mixture-control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Systems/propulsion.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/Systems/weapons-weight.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/engines/P51prop.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/engines/Packard-V-1650-7.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/systems/alpha-buffet.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/systems/autothrottle.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/systems/compressability.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/systems/crash-detect.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/systems/electrical.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/systems/mixture-control.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/systems/propulsion.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/p51d/systems/weapons-weight.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pa28/pa28.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pa28/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/paraglider/paraglider.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/paraglider/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/paraglider/Engines/DT_Propeller.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/paraglider/Engines/Polini_THOR80.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/paraglider/Systems/Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/paraglider/engines/DT_Propeller.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/paraglider/engines/Polini_THOR80.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/paraglider/systems/Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/pc7.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/Engines/PT6A.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/Engines/Propeller.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/Systems/Conventional Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/Systems/Flaps.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/Systems/Landing Gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/engines/PT6A.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/engines/Propeller.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/systems/Conventional Controls.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/systems/Flaps.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pc7/systems/Landing Gear.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pogo-jsbsim/pogo-jsbsim.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pogo-jsbsim/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pogo-jsbsim/reset01.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pogo-jsbsim/Engines/Pogo_prop.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pogo-jsbsim/Engines/YT40-A-16.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pogo-jsbsim/engines/Pogo_prop.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/pogo-jsbsim/engines/YT40-A-16.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/sgs126/sgs126.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/sgs233/sgs233.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/t6texan2/t6texan2.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/weather-balloon/balloon_log.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/weather-balloon/reset10.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/weather-balloon/weather-balloon.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/wrightFlyer1903/wrightFlyer1903.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/wrightFlyer1903/wrightFlyer1905.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/x24b/reset00.xml
jsbsim/aircraft/x24b/x24b.xml
jsbsim/engine/AJ26-33A.xml
jsbsim/engine/AJ26-33_nozzle.xml
jsbsim/engine/BR-725.xml
jsbsim/engine/BR710.xml
jsbsim/engine/CF6-80C2.xml
jsbsim/engine/CFM56.xml
jsbsim/engine/CFM56_5.xml
jsbsim/engine/CamelProp.xml
jsbsim/engine/Clerget9B.xml
jsbsim/engine/DJI_9450.xml
jsbsim/engine/DJI_E305.xml
jsbsim/engine/Dr1_propeller.xml
jsbsim/engine/Estes_E9.xml
jsbsim/engine/F100-PW-229.xml
jsbsim/engine/F119-PW-1.xml
jsbsim/engine/GE-CF6-80C2-B1F.xml
jsbsim/engine/HamiltonStd6243A-3.xml
jsbsim/engine/J33-A-35.xml
jsbsim/engine/J52.xml
jsbsim/engine/J69-T25.xml
jsbsim/engine/J79-GE-11A.xml
jsbsim/engine/J85-GE-5.xml
jsbsim/engine/JT9D-3.xml
jsbsim/engine/LM_descent_nozzle.xml
jsbsim/engine/LMdescent.xml
jsbsim/engine/MerlinV1650.xml
jsbsim/engine/Oberursel-UrII.xml
jsbsim/engine/Olympus593Mrk610.xml
jsbsim/engine/P51prop.xml
jsbsim/engine/PT6A-27.xml
jsbsim/engine/PT6A-68.xml
jsbsim/engine/PW125B.xml
jsbsim/engine/PW125BX.xml
jsbsim/engine/R-1820-97.xml
jsbsim/engine/RB211-524.xml
jsbsim/engine/RL10.xml
jsbsim/engine/RL10_nozzle.xml
jsbsim/engine/RollsRoyce.xml
jsbsim/engine/SRB.xml
jsbsim/engine/SRB_nozzle.xml
jsbsim/engine/SSME.xml
jsbsim/engine/SSME_nozzle.xml
jsbsim/engine/T76.xml
jsbsim/engine/TRENT-900.xml
jsbsim/engine/Tay-620.xml
jsbsim/engine/Tay-651.xml
jsbsim/engine/WrightGR-2600.xml
jsbsim/engine/XLR99.xml
jsbsim/engine/YJ93-GE-3.xml
jsbsim/engine/Zenoah_G-26A.xml
jsbsim/engine/avco_lycoming_t53.xml
jsbsim/engine/direct.xml
jsbsim/engine/dowty-rotol-aero.xml
jsbsim/engine/dummy.xml
jsbsim/engine/electric147kW.xml
jsbsim/engine/electric_1mw.xml
jsbsim/engine/engIO360C.xml
jsbsim/engine/engIO470D.xml
jsbsim/engine/engIO540AB1A5.xml
jsbsim/engine/engRRMerlin61.xml
jsbsim/engine/engRRMerlinXII.xml
jsbsim/engine/eng_O-200.xml
jsbsim/engine/eng_PegasusXc.xml
jsbsim/engine/eng_RRhawk.xml
jsbsim/engine/eng_io320.xml
jsbsim/engine/engtm601.xml
jsbsim/engine/prop30FP2B.xml
jsbsim/engine/propC10v.xml
jsbsim/engine/propC6v.xml
jsbsim/engine/propC8v.xml
jsbsim/engine/propDA-R352_6-123-F_2.xml
jsbsim/engine/propHO-V373-D.xml
jsbsim/engine/propHS139v.xml
jsbsim/engine/prop_75in2f.xml
jsbsim/engine/prop_81in2v.xml
jsbsim/engine/prop_Clark_Y7570.xml
jsbsim/engine/prop_PT6.xml
jsbsim/engine/prop_SSZ.xml
jsbsim/engine/prop_deHavilland5000.xml
jsbsim/engine/prop_generic2f.xml
jsbsim/engine/s64_rotor.xml
jsbsim/engine/t56.xml
jsbsim/engine/t56_prop.xml
jsbsim/engine/test_turbine.xml
jsbsim/engine/trent_1000.xml
jsbsim/engine/twin_pratt_and_whitney_t73.xml
jsbsim/engine/vrtule2.xml
jsbsim/engine/wright1903_engine.xml
jsbsim/engine/wright1903_propellers.xml
jsbsim/engine/wright1905_engine.xml
jsbsim/engine/xlr99_nozzle.xml
jsbsim/scripts/737_cruise.xml
jsbsim/scripts/737_cruise_steady_turn.xml
jsbsim/scripts/737_cruise_steady_turn_linearize.xml
jsbsim/scripts/737_cruise_steady_turn_simplex.xml
jsbsim/scripts/737_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/B737_Runway.xml
jsbsim/scripts/B747_script1.xml
jsbsim/scripts/Concorde_rotate_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/Concorde_runway_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/F4N_runway_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/J2460.xml
jsbsim/scripts/J2461.xml
jsbsim/scripts/L410.xml
jsbsim/scripts/L4102.xml
jsbsim/scripts/Short_S23_1.xml
jsbsim/scripts/Short_S23_2.xml
jsbsim/scripts/Short_S23_3.xml
jsbsim/scripts/Short_S23_4.xml
jsbsim/scripts/Submarine_Scout_1.xml
jsbsim/scripts/T37.xml
jsbsim/scripts/T38.xml
jsbsim/scripts/Test_F450_Launch.xml
jsbsim/scripts/ZLT-NT-moored-1.xml
jsbsim/scripts/ah1s_flight_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/b171.xml
jsbsim/scripts/b737_runway_new.xml
jsbsim/scripts/ball.xml
jsbsim/scripts/ball_chute.xml
jsbsim/scripts/ball_orbit.xml
jsbsim/scripts/ball_orbit_g_torque.xml
jsbsim/scripts/ball_orbit_phase.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c1721.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c1722.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c1723.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c1724.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c172_cross_wind.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c172_cruise_8K.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c172_elevation_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c172_elevator_doublet.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c172_head_wind.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c172_runway_at_rest_cg_shift.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c3101.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c3104.xml
jsbsim/scripts/c3105.xml
jsbsim/scripts/cannonball.xml
jsbsim/scripts/f16_runway_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/f16_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/kml_output.xml
jsbsim/scripts/mk82_script.xml
jsbsim/scripts/ov10_runway.xml
jsbsim/scripts/p51_start_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/p51d_tail_wind.xml
jsbsim/scripts/paraglider_rotate_test.xml
jsbsim/scripts/plotfile.xml
jsbsim/scripts/rudder_kick.xml
jsbsim/scripts/sim_primer.xml
jsbsim/scripts/unitconversions.xml
jsbsim/scripts/weather-balloon.xml
jsbsim/scripts/x151.xml
jsbsim/scripts/x152.xml
jsbsim/scripts/x153.xml
jsbsim/systems/Autopilot.xml
jsbsim/systems/BLC.xml
jsbsim/systems/FCS-pitch.xml
jsbsim/systems/FCS-roll.xml
jsbsim/systems/FCS-yaw.xml
jsbsim/systems/GNCUtilities.xml
jsbsim/systems/NWS.xml
jsbsim/systems/SensorBaro.xml
jsbsim/systems/SensorGps.xml
jsbsim/systems/SensorImu.xml
jsbsim/systems/accelerometers.xml
jsbsim/systems/afcs.xml
jsbsim/systems/airship-mooring.xml
jsbsim/systems/airship_added_mass.xml
jsbsim/systems/alpha_buffet.xml
jsbsim/systems/catapult.xml
jsbsim/systems/flaps.xml
jsbsim/systems/gear.xml
jsbsim/systems/holdback.xml
jsbsim/systems/hook.xml
jsbsim/systems/hydrodynamic-planing-floats.xml
jsbsim/systems/hydrodynamic-planing.xml
jsbsim/systems/hydrodynamics.xml
jsbsim/systems/jsb_glue.xml
jsbsim/systems/refuel.xml
jsbsim/systems/rpm_governor.xml
jsbsim/systems/speedbrakes.xml
jsbsim/systems/sperry-a2-autopilot.xml
jsbsim/systems/tail_wheel_lock.xml
jsbsim/systems/visual-reference-point-extensions.xml
src/FGFDMExec.cpp
src/FGJSBBase.cpp
src/GeographicLib/Geodesic.cpp
src/GeographicLib/GeodesicLine.cpp
src/GeographicLib/Math.cpp
src/initialization/FGInitialCondition.cpp
src/initialization/FGLinearization.cpp
src/initialization/FGTrim.cpp
src/initialization/FGTrimAxis.cpp
src/input_output/FGGroundCallback.cpp
src/input_output/FGInputSocket.cpp
src/input_output/FGInputType.cpp
src/input_output/FGModelLoader.cpp
src/input_output/FGOutputFG.cpp
src/input_output/FGOutputFile.cpp
src/input_output/FGOutputSocket.cpp
src/input_output/FGOutputTextFile.cpp
src/input_output/FGOutputType.cpp
src/input_output/FGPropertyManager.cpp
src/input_output/FGPropertyReader.cpp
src/input_output/FGScript.cpp
src/input_output/FGUDPInputSocket.cpp
src/input_output/FGXMLElement.cpp
src/input_output/FGXMLFileRead.cpp
src/input_output/FGXMLParse.cpp
src/input_output/FGfdmSocket.cpp
src/input_output/string_utilities.cpp
src/math/FGColumnVector3.cpp
src/math/FGCondition.cpp
src/math/FGFunction.cpp
src/math/FGLocation.cpp
src/math/FGMatrix33.cpp
src/math/FGModelFunctions.cpp
src/math/FGPropertyValue.cpp
src/math/FGQuaternion.cpp
src/math/FGRealValue.cpp
src/math/FGRungeKutta.cpp
src/math/FGStateSpace.cpp
src/math/FGTable.cpp
src/math/FGTemplateFunc.cpp
src/models/FGAccelerations.cpp
src/models/FGAerodynamics.cpp
src/models/FGAircraft.cpp
src/models/FGAtmosphere.cpp
src/models/FGAuxiliary.cpp
src/models/FGBuoyantForces.cpp
src/models/FGExternalForce.cpp
src/models/FGExternalReactions.cpp
src/models/FGFCS.cpp
src/models/FGGasCell.cpp
src/models/FGGroundReactions.cpp
src/models/FGInertial.cpp
src/models/FGInput.cpp
src/models/FGLGear.cpp
src/models/FGMassBalance.cpp
src/models/FGModel.cpp
src/models/FGOutput.cpp
src/models/FGPropagate.cpp
src/models/FGPropulsion.cpp
src/models/FGSurface.cpp
src/models/atmosphere/FGMSIS.cpp
src/models/atmosphere/FGStandardAtmosphere.cpp
src/models/atmosphere/FGWinds.cpp
src/models/atmosphere/MSIS/nrlmsise-00.c
src/models/atmosphere/MSIS/nrlmsise-00_data.c
src/models/flight_control/FGAccelerometer.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGActuator.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGAngles.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGDeadBand.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGDistributor.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGFCSComponent.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGFCSFunction.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGFilter.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGGain.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGGyro.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGKinemat.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGLinearActuator.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGMagnetometer.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGPID.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGSensor.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGSummer.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGSwitch.cpp
src/models/flight_control/FGWaypoint.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGBrushLessDCMotor.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGElectric.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGEngine.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGForce.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGNozzle.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGPiston.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGPropeller.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGRocket.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGRotor.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGTank.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGThruster.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGTransmission.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGTurbine.cpp
src/models/propulsion/FGTurboProp.cpp
src/simgear/io/iostreams/sgstream.cxx
src/simgear/magvar/coremag.cxx
src/simgear/misc/sg_path.cxx
src/simgear/misc/strutils.cxx
src/simgear/props/props.cxx
src/simgear/xml/easyxml.cxx
src/simgear/xml/xmlparse.c
src/simgear/xml/xmlrole.c
src/simgear/xml/xmltok.c
src/simgear/xml/xmltok_impl.c
src/simgear/xml/xmltok_ns.c