============================
Django MongoDB Backend 5.2.x
============================

5.2.0 beta 1
============

*June 4, 2025*

New features
------------

- Added :class:`~.fields.EmbeddedModelArrayField` for storing a list of model
  instances.

Bug fixes
---------

- Fixed crash when loading models with a null value for ``ArrayField``\s where
  the ``base_field`` uses a database converter.

5.2.0 beta 0
============

*May 14, 2025*

Initial release from the state of :ref:`django-mongodb-backend 5.1.0 beta 2
<django-mongodb-backend-5.1.0-beta-2>`.

Regarding new features in Django 5.2,
:class:`~django.db.models.CompositePrimaryKey` isn't supported.

New features
------------

*These features won't appear in Django MongoDB Backend 5.1.x.*

- Added :class:`.SearchIndex` and :class:`.VectorSearchIndex` for use on
  a model's :attr:`Meta.indexes <django.db.models.Options.indexes>`.
- PyMongo's connection pooling is now used by default. See
  :ref:`connection-management`.

Backwards incompatible changes
------------------------------

- The minimum supported version of ``pymongo`` is increased from 4.6 to 4.7.
- The ``conn_max_age`` parameter of
  :func:`~django_mongodb_backend.utils.parse_uri` is removed because persistent
  connections are now used by default.

Bug fixes
---------

- Added support for a field's custom lookups and transforms in
  ``EmbeddedModelField``, e.g. ``ArrayField``’s ``contains``,
  ``contained__by``, ``len``, etc.
- Fixed the results of queries that use the ``tzinfo`` parameter of the
  ``Trunc`` database functions.
- Added support for ``QuerySet.dates()`` and ``datetimes()``.
- Fixed loading of ``QuerySet`` results for embedded models that have fields
  that use database converters. For example, a crash for ``DecimalField``:
  ``ValidationError: ['“1” value must be a decimal number.']``).
