CMakeLists.txt
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
gobuild/.gitkeep
hysteria2/__init__.py
hysteria2-go/.gitignore
hysteria2-go/CHANGELOG.md
hysteria2-go/Dockerfile
hysteria2-go/LICENSE.md
hysteria2-go/PROTOCOL.md
hysteria2-go/README.md
hysteria2-go/go.work
hysteria2-go/go.work.sum
hysteria2-go/hyperbole.py
hysteria2-go/logo.svg
hysteria2-go/platforms.txt
hysteria2-go/requirements.txt
hysteria2-go/.github/FUNDING.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/dependabot.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md
hysteria2-go/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.zh.md
hysteria2-go/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md
hysteria2-go/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.zh.md
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/autotag.yaml
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/docker.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/master.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/release.yml
hysteria2-go/.github/workflows/scripts.yml
hysteria2-go/app/LICENSE.md
hysteria2-go/app/go.mod
hysteria2-go/app/go.sum
hysteria2-go/app/main.go
hysteria2-go/app/pprof.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/client.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/client_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/client_test.yaml
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/errors.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/ping.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/root.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/server.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/server_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/server_test.yaml
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/share.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/speedtest.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/update.go
hysteria2-go/app/cmd/version.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/forwarding/tcp.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/forwarding/tcp_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/forwarding/udp.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/forwarding/udp_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/server.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/server_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/server_test.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/test.crt
hysteria2-go/app/internal/http/test.key
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/manager.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/manager_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/mux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/mux_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/internal/mocks/mock_Conn.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/proxymux/internal/mocks/mock_Listener.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/getsockopt_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/getsockopt_linux_386.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/syscall_socketcall_linux_386.s
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/tcp_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/redirect/tcp_others.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/sockopts/fd_control_unix_socket_test.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/sockopts/sockopts.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/sockopts/sockopts_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/sockopts/sockopts_linux_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/socks5/server.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/socks5/server_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/socks5/server_test.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tproxy/tcp_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tproxy/tcp_others.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tproxy/udp_linux.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tproxy/udp_others.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/check_ipv6_others.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/check_ipv6_unix.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/check_ipv6_windows.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/log.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/tun/server.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/url/url.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/url/url_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/bpsconv.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/bpsconv_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/certloader.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/certloader_test.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/certloader_test_gencert.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/certloader_test_tlsclient.py
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/geoloader.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/qr.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/update.go
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils/testcerts/.gitignore
hysteria2-go/app/internal/utils_test/mock.go
hysteria2-go/app/misc/socks5_test.py
hysteria2-go/core/LICENSE.md
hysteria2-go/core/go.mod
hysteria2-go/core/go.sum
hysteria2-go/core/client/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/core/client/client.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/config.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/mock_udpIO.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/reconnect.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/udp.go
hysteria2-go/core/client/udp_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/errors/errors.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/utils.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/bandwidth.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/bandwidth_sampler.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/bbr_sender.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/clock.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/packet_number_indexed_queue.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/ringbuffer.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/bbr/windowed_filter.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/brutal/brutal.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/congestion/common/pacer.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/frag/frag.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/frag/frag_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/close_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/hook_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/masq_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/smoke_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/stress_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/test.crt
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/test.key
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/trafficlogger_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/utils_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_Authenticator.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_Conn.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_EventLogger.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_Outbound.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_RequestHook.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_TrafficLogger.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/integration_tests/mocks/mock_UDPConn.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/pmtud/avail.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/pmtud/unavail.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/protocol/http.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/protocol/padding.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/protocol/proxy.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/protocol/proxy_test.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/utils/atomic.go
hysteria2-go/core/internal/utils/qstream.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/core/server/config.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/copy.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/mock_UDPConn.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/mock_udpEventLogger.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/mock_udpIO.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/server.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/udp.go
hysteria2-go/core/server/udp_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/LICENSE.md
hysteria2-go/extras/go.mod
hysteria2-go/extras/go.sum
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/command.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/http.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/http_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/http_test.py
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/password.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/password_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/userpass.go
hysteria2-go/extras/auth/userpass_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/correctnet/correctnet.go
hysteria2-go/extras/masq/server.go
hysteria2-go/extras/obfs/conn.go
hysteria2-go/extras/obfs/salamander.go
hysteria2-go/extras/obfs/salamander_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/dns_https.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/dns_standard.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/dns_system.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/fastopen.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/interface.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/interface_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/mock_PluggableOutbound.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/mock_UDPConn.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_direct.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_direct_linux.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_direct_others.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_http.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/ob_socks5.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/utils.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/utils_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/compile.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/compile_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/matchers.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/matchers_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/matchers_v2geo.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/matchers_v2geo_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/parse.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/parse_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/geoip.dat
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/geosite.dat
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/load.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/load_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/v2geo.pb.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/acl/v2geo/v2geo.proto
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest/client.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest/protocol.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest/protocol_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/outbounds/speedtest/server.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/.mockery.yaml
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/mock_Stream.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/sniff.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/sniff_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/LICENSE
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/README.md
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/header.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/packet_protector.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/packet_protector_test.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/payload.go
hysteria2-go/extras/sniff/internal/quic/quic.go
hysteria2-go/extras/trafficlogger/http.go
hysteria2-go/extras/transport/udphop/addr.go
hysteria2-go/extras/transport/udphop/conn.go
hysteria2-go/extras/utils/portunion.go
hysteria2-go/extras/utils/portunion_test.go
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/black 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/black 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/black 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/black 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/dark bg 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/dark bg 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/dark bg 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/dark bg 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/light bg 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/light bg 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/light bg 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/light bg 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/symbol 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/symbol 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/symbol 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/symbol 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/white 1@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/white 2@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/white 3@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/png/white 4@2x.png
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/black 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/black 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/black 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/black 4.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/dark bg 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/dark bg 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/dark bg 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/dark bg 4.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/light bg 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/light bg 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/light bg 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/light bg 4.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/symbol 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/symbol 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/symbol 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/symbol 4.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/white 1.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/white 2.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/white 3.svg
hysteria2-go/media-kit/svg/white 4.svg
hysteria2-go/scripts/_redirects
hysteria2-go/scripts/install_server.sh
hysteria2.egg-info/PKG-INFO
hysteria2.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
hysteria2.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
hysteria2.egg-info/not-zip-safe
hysteria2.egg-info/top_level.txt
pybind11/.appveyor.yml
pybind11/.clang-format
pybind11/.clang-tidy
pybind11/.cmake-format.yaml
pybind11/.codespell-ignore-lines
pybind11/.gitattributes
pybind11/.gitignore
pybind11/.pre-commit-config.yaml
pybind11/.readthedocs.yml
pybind11/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/LICENSE
pybind11/MANIFEST.in
pybind11/README.rst
pybind11/SECURITY.md
pybind11/noxfile.py
pybind11/pyproject.toml
pybind11/setup.cfg
pybind11/setup.py
pybind11/.github/CODEOWNERS
pybind11/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
pybind11/.github/dependabot.yml
pybind11/.github/labeler.yml
pybind11/.github/labeler_merged.yml
pybind11/.github/pull_request_template.md
pybind11/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.yml
pybind11/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/config.yml
pybind11/.github/matchers/pylint.json
pybind11/.github/workflows/ci.yml
pybind11/.github/workflows/configure.yml
pybind11/.github/workflows/emscripten.yaml
pybind11/.github/workflows/format.yml
pybind11/.github/workflows/labeler.yml
pybind11/.github/workflows/pip.yml
pybind11/.github/workflows/upstream.yml
pybind11/docs/Doxyfile
pybind11/docs/basics.rst
pybind11/docs/benchmark.py
pybind11/docs/benchmark.rst
pybind11/docs/changelog.rst
pybind11/docs/classes.rst
pybind11/docs/compiling.rst
pybind11/docs/conf.py
pybind11/docs/faq.rst
pybind11/docs/index.rst
pybind11/docs/installing.rst
pybind11/docs/limitations.rst
pybind11/docs/pybind11-logo.png
pybind11/docs/pybind11_vs_boost_python1.png
pybind11/docs/pybind11_vs_boost_python1.svg
pybind11/docs/pybind11_vs_boost_python2.png
pybind11/docs/pybind11_vs_boost_python2.svg
pybind11/docs/reference.rst
pybind11/docs/release.rst
pybind11/docs/requirements.in
pybind11/docs/requirements.txt
pybind11/docs/upgrade.rst
pybind11/docs/_static/css/custom.css
pybind11/docs/advanced/classes.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/embedding.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/exceptions.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/functions.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/misc.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/smart_ptrs.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/cast/chrono.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/cast/custom.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/cast/eigen.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/cast/functional.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/cast/index.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/cast/overview.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/cast/stl.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/cast/strings.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/pycpp/index.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/pycpp/numpy.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/pycpp/object.rst
pybind11/docs/advanced/pycpp/utilities.rst
pybind11/docs/cmake/index.rst
pybind11/include/pybind11/attr.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/buffer_info.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/cast.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/chrono.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/common.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/complex.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/eigen.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/embed.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/eval.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/functional.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/gil.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/gil_safe_call_once.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/iostream.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/numpy.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/operators.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/options.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/pybind11.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/pytypes.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/stl.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/stl_bind.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/type_caster_pyobject_ptr.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/typing.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/class.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/common.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/cpp_conduit.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/descr.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/exception_translation.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/init.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/internals.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/type_caster_base.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/typeid.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/detail/value_and_holder.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/eigen/common.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/eigen/matrix.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/eigen/tensor.h
pybind11/include/pybind11/stl/filesystem.h
pybind11/pybind11/__init__.py
pybind11/pybind11/__main__.py
pybind11/pybind11/_version.py
pybind11/pybind11/commands.py
pybind11/pybind11/py.typed
pybind11/pybind11/setup_helpers.py
pybind11/tests/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/conftest.py
pybind11/tests/constructor_stats.h
pybind11/tests/cross_module_gil_utils.cpp
pybind11/tests/cross_module_interleaved_error_already_set.cpp
pybind11/tests/eigen_tensor_avoid_stl_array.cpp
pybind11/tests/env.py
pybind11/tests/exo_planet_c_api.cpp
pybind11/tests/exo_planet_pybind11.cpp
pybind11/tests/home_planet_very_lonely_traveler.cpp
pybind11/tests/local_bindings.h
pybind11/tests/object.h
pybind11/tests/pybind11_cross_module_tests.cpp
pybind11/tests/pybind11_tests.cpp
pybind11/tests/pybind11_tests.h
pybind11/tests/pyproject.toml
pybind11/tests/pytest.ini
pybind11/tests/requirements.txt
pybind11/tests/test_async.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_async.py
pybind11/tests/test_buffers.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_buffers.py
pybind11/tests/test_builtin_casters.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_builtin_casters.py
pybind11/tests/test_call_policies.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_call_policies.py
pybind11/tests/test_callbacks.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_callbacks.py
pybind11/tests/test_chrono.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_chrono.py
pybind11/tests/test_class.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_class.py
pybind11/tests/test_const_name.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_const_name.py
pybind11/tests/test_constants_and_functions.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_constants_and_functions.py
pybind11/tests/test_copy_move.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_copy_move.py
pybind11/tests/test_cpp_conduit.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_cpp_conduit.py
pybind11/tests/test_cpp_conduit_traveler_bindings.h
pybind11/tests/test_cpp_conduit_traveler_types.h
pybind11/tests/test_custom_type_casters.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_custom_type_casters.py
pybind11/tests/test_custom_type_setup.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_custom_type_setup.py
pybind11/tests/test_docstring_options.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_docstring_options.py
pybind11/tests/test_eigen_matrix.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_eigen_matrix.py
pybind11/tests/test_eigen_tensor.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_eigen_tensor.inl
pybind11/tests/test_eigen_tensor.py
pybind11/tests/test_enum.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_enum.py
pybind11/tests/test_eval.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_eval.py
pybind11/tests/test_eval_call.py
pybind11/tests/test_exceptions.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_exceptions.h
pybind11/tests/test_exceptions.py
pybind11/tests/test_factory_constructors.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_factory_constructors.py
pybind11/tests/test_gil_scoped.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_gil_scoped.py
pybind11/tests/test_iostream.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_iostream.py
pybind11/tests/test_kwargs_and_defaults.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_kwargs_and_defaults.py
pybind11/tests/test_local_bindings.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_local_bindings.py
pybind11/tests/test_methods_and_attributes.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_methods_and_attributes.py
pybind11/tests/test_modules.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_modules.py
pybind11/tests/test_multiple_inheritance.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_multiple_inheritance.py
pybind11/tests/test_numpy_array.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_numpy_array.py
pybind11/tests/test_numpy_dtypes.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_numpy_dtypes.py
pybind11/tests/test_numpy_vectorize.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_numpy_vectorize.py
pybind11/tests/test_opaque_types.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_opaque_types.py
pybind11/tests/test_operator_overloading.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_operator_overloading.py
pybind11/tests/test_pickling.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_pickling.py
pybind11/tests/test_python_multiple_inheritance.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_python_multiple_inheritance.py
pybind11/tests/test_pytypes.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_pytypes.py
pybind11/tests/test_sequences_and_iterators.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_sequences_and_iterators.py
pybind11/tests/test_smart_ptr.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_smart_ptr.py
pybind11/tests/test_stl.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_stl.py
pybind11/tests/test_stl_binders.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_stl_binders.py
pybind11/tests/test_tagbased_polymorphic.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_tagbased_polymorphic.py
pybind11/tests/test_thread.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_thread.py
pybind11/tests/test_type_caster_pyobject_ptr.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_type_caster_pyobject_ptr.py
pybind11/tests/test_type_caster_std_function_specializations.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_type_caster_std_function_specializations.py
pybind11/tests/test_union.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_union.py
pybind11/tests/test_unnamed_namespace_a.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_unnamed_namespace_a.py
pybind11/tests/test_unnamed_namespace_b.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_unnamed_namespace_b.py
pybind11/tests/test_vector_unique_ptr_member.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_vector_unique_ptr_member.py
pybind11/tests/test_virtual_functions.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_virtual_functions.py
pybind11/tests/valgrind-numpy-scipy.supp
pybind11/tests/valgrind-python.supp
pybind11/tests/extra_python_package/pytest.ini
pybind11/tests/extra_python_package/test_files.py
pybind11/tests/extra_setuptools/pytest.ini
pybind11/tests/extra_setuptools/test_setuphelper.py
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/embed.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/main.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/test.py
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/installed_embed/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/installed_function/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/installed_target/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/subdirectory_embed/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/subdirectory_function/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/test_cmake_build/subdirectory_target/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/test_embed/CMakeLists.txt
pybind11/tests/test_embed/catch.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_embed/external_module.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_embed/test_interpreter.cpp
pybind11/tests/test_embed/test_interpreter.py
pybind11/tests/test_embed/test_trampoline.py
pybind11/tools/FindCatch.cmake
pybind11/tools/FindEigen3.cmake
pybind11/tools/FindPythonLibsNew.cmake
pybind11/tools/JoinPaths.cmake
pybind11/tools/check-style.sh
pybind11/tools/cmake_uninstall.cmake.in
pybind11/tools/codespell_ignore_lines_from_errors.py
pybind11/tools/libsize.py
pybind11/tools/make_changelog.py
pybind11/tools/pybind11.pc.in
pybind11/tools/pybind11Common.cmake
pybind11/tools/pybind11Config.cmake.in
pybind11/tools/pybind11GuessPythonExtSuffix.cmake
pybind11/tools/pybind11NewTools.cmake
pybind11/tools/pybind11Tools.cmake
pybind11/tools/pyproject.toml
pybind11/tools/setup_global.py.in
pybind11/tools/setup_main.py.in
pybind11/tools/test-pybind11GuessPythonExtSuffix.cmake
src/hysteria2.cpp